Add LargeYeagerTransferCoefficients bulk flux formulation (#162)
NumericalEarth/NumericalEarth.jl: docs/src/interface_fluxes.md

```@example interface_fluxes
using NumericalEarth

coefficient_fluxes = CoefficientBasedFluxes(transfer_coefficients = (2e-3, 2e-3, 1e-3))
```

Alternatively, the drag coefficient can be specified as a wind-speed-dependent polynomial
following Large & Yeager (2004). In this case `CoefficientBasedFluxes` evaluates the polynomial
at each iteration rather than using a constant:

```@example interface_fluxes
using NumericalEarth.EarthSystemModels.InterfaceComputations: PolynomialNeutralDragCoefficient

poly_drag = PolynomialNeutralDragCoefficient()
poly_fluxes = CoefficientBasedFluxes(transfer_coefficients = (poly_drag, 1e-3, 1e-3))
```

For the full Large & Yeager (2004) bulk algorithm with stability corrections,
use `LargeYeagerTransferCoefficients`. This computes all three transfer coefficients

> (drag, Stanton, Dalton) from the neutral drag polynomial with Monin-Obukhov

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(drag, temperature, moisture) from the neutral drag polynomial with Monin-Obukhov
```

is that right? I've never heard of the "Stanton" or "Dalton" coefficient, but I don't think we need jargon
